once you've got a Facebook ad campaign
that's profitable you're going to want
to scale it but how do you scale a
Facebook ad campaign the obvious answer
seems to be to just increase your ad
budget and that can work for a while but
what happens when you've burnt out your
target audience at some point the
majority of your target audience would
have seen what you're advertising if you
keep advertising to the same group of
people then your profitable Facebook ad
campaign will very quickly become not so
profitable but there's no need to panic
because that's where look-alike audience
is coming so what our look-alike
audiences basically a look-alike
audience consists of a group of people
that are very similar to another group
of people and this is fantastic for
scaling campaigns because it advertising
to a certain audience is generating a
great return on investment you want to
get that ad in front of people that are
similar to or look like that audience
most of the time you'll generate a great
ROI with that look-alike audience as
well so how do you create a look-alike
audience the first thing you're going to
need is a source audience your source
audience can come from many different
things website visitors email list video
viewers etc but for the purposes of this
video I'm going to show you how to
create a look-alike audience from your
customer list before you create your
look-alike audience you will need to
upload this customer list to Facebook
and create a custom audience so first
you need to head over to the audience's
tab in ads manager then select create
audience and custom audience that will
bring up a window that looks like this
as I said there are tons of options when
it comes to creating a source audience
but you want to select customer file
then select choose a file or copy and
paste data this stage looks quite
confusing
but all you need to do is upload a CSV
file or select the second option and
copy and paste the data in once you've
done that you'll be asked to match the
data to the relevant fields email
address first name last name etc
unfortunately I can't show you a
screenshot of that as that would show
some of our customers information the
only column you need to match is email
address and then you can go ahead and
select upload and create it will take
Facebook 30 minutes or so to populate
your custom audience but that's it your
custom audio
has now been created now we need to use
this custom audience to create a
look-alike audience head back into the
audiences tab within ads manager and
select your new custom audience then
select actions and Craig look-alike
that will bring up a window that looks
like this your custom audience will
automatically be entered as your source
audience you just need to select a
country's target and an audience size to
start with I would recommend creating a
1% look-alike audience as this will
contain the 1% of Facebook users in the
country you're targeting that are most
similar to your source audience the
larger the percentage you choose here
the larger and less accurate your local
our audience will be and don't worry
about selecting an entire country if you
operate locally you can narrow down the
area you want to target within your ad
set but then simply select create
audience once again Facebook will take
around 30 minutes to populate this
look-alike audience but that's it you've
now created your look-alike audience now
you can use that look-alike audience and
as a targeting option in your campaigns
to do that just select your look-alike
audience at the anisette level as you
can see here look-alike audiences are
incredibly powerful and there's nothing
better for scaling profitable Facebook
campaigns I want to wish you the best of
luck with your look-alike audience
campaigns and I'll talk to you soon